[WIP] OBSDOCS-1079: Create a table listing and describing all RBAC permissi… (#80127)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-granting-user-permissions-using-the-web-console.adoc

[id="granting-user-permissions-using-the-web-console_{context}"]
= Granting user permissions by using the web console

> You can grant users permissions for the `openshift-monitoring` project or their own projects, by using the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer: same here

> You can grant users permissions for the `openshift-monitoring` project or their own projects, by using the {product-title} web console.

Reviewer 2: Is something missing here? The [current docs](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.16/observability/monitoring/enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects.html#granting-user-permissions-using-the-web-console_enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects) say you can grant users permissions **_to monitor_** projects. Should that also appear here?

```suggestion
You can grant users permissions to monitor the `openshift-monitoring` project or their own projects,  by using the {product-title} web console.
```

Author: This change is based on the engineering feedback: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80127#discussion_r1734110968

Author: Yes, I changed it with the addition of core platform monitoring, because it is technically not only monitoring (monitoring here evokes that it is just read and write access mostly, but we can also grant configuration rights)

.Procedure

. In the *Administrator* perspective of the {product-title} web console, go to *User Management* -> *RoleBindings* -> *Create binding*.

. In the *Binding Type* section, select the *Namespace Role Binding* type.

. In the *Name* field, enter a name for the role binding.

. In the *Namespace* field, select the project where you want to grant the access.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The monitoring role or cluster role should be bound to the project that you apply in the *Namespace* field. The permissions that you grant to a user by using this procedure apply only to the selected project.

Reviewer 2: Can you perhaps tighten this up a bit? 
```suggestion
The monitoring role or cluster role permissions that you grant to a user by using this procedure apply only to the project that you select in the *Namespace* field.
```
